# Navigate semantic triples by finite choices

Next a mechanism should be introduced that can be used to navigate the semantic network by finite choices. This should serve the purpose of providing a method to evaluate the quality of the semantic network by exploring how good an agent is in finding specific information within the knowledge graph. Therefore we use questions, that can be answered by providing a semantic triple. Such questions can be generated by ```gpt-4-turbo```. For example the question "What do particle accelerators produce?" can be answered by the semantic triple ```['Particle accelerators', 'produce', 'High-energy particles']```. 

We now consider a scenario that consists of an AI agent that wants to navigate through the semantic network to find the answer to the question and a second AI agent that receives the navigation requests of the first agent and generates the contents of the semantic network for it. The navigation mechanism that it can use to navigate the graph should be restricted by two rules. These rules should prevent that the searching agent just asks to generating agent to give him a triple that answers the question. Therefore the first rule states, that the generating agent is not allowed to know the question, that the searching agent is looking for. The second rule states that the generating agent has to provide the searching agent with a set of options on how to continue navigation. The only way how the searching agent can transfer information to the generating agent is by choosing from this options.

This scenario is implemented in the following way: The searching agent starts with an initial triple and a topic of the initial triple. The generating agent is aware of this initial state. A navigation iteration is now performed in the following steps: The generating agent asks the searching agent which part of the triple should be changed. Two of the three components of the triple, which consists of a subject, a predicate and an object, are exchanged during this navigation iteration, so the searching agent has to decide if the subject, the predicate or the object of the triple is kept.
Next, the topic of the newly generated triple should be adjusted so the generating agent asks the searching agent to chose the new topic from a number of subtopics, similar topics and overarching topics of the current topic.
Finally, the generating agent generates a number of new triples and lets the searching agent choose from that list.